Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the apple positioned above the blue vase?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the apple is positioned above the blue vase.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the green cup positioned above the red apple?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the green cup is positioned above the red apple.
Question: Is the green cup to the right of the green book?, answer: no, response: Yes, the green cup is to the right of the green book.
Question: Is the cup with a turquoise interior and red exterior to the right of the green apple?, answer: no, response: Yes, the cup with a turquoise interior and red exterior is located to the right of the green apple.
Question: Is the cup with a turquoise interior and red exterior to the left of the yellow jar?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the cup with a turquoise interior and red exterior is located to the left of the yellow jar.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the beige kettle positioned above the green apple?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the beige kettle is positioned above the green apple.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the mouse statue positioned above the biggest marble cat statue?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the mouse statue is positioned above the biggest marble cat statue.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the ball statue positioned above the biggest marble cat statue?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the ball statue is positioned above the biggest marble cat statue.
Question: Is the mouse statue to the left of the ball statue?, answer: no, response: Yes, the mouse statue is to the left of the ball statue.
Question: Are there paintbrushes inside the colorful ceramic vase?, answer: yes, response: Yes, there are paintbrushes inside the colorful ceramic vase.
Question: Is the ceramic vase to the left of the wooden easel?, answer: no, response: No, the ceramic vase is to the right of the wooden easel.
Question: Is the wooden easel to the left of the steel sculpture of a spiral?, answer: no, response: Yes, the wooden easel is to the left of the steel sculpture of a spiral.
Question: Which one is positioned under the right light, the blank paper or the colorful vase?, answer: the colorful vase., response: The colorful vase is positioned under the right light.
Question: Which one is positioned above the colorful vase, the light on the right of the image or the light on the left of the image?, answer: the light on the right of the image., response: The light on the right of the image is positioned above the colorful vase.
Question: Which paper in the picture is closer to the camera/viewer perspective, the blank paper or the completed paper?, answer: the blank paper., response: The blank paper is closer to the camera/viewer perspective, while the completed paper is further away.
Question: Is the red chair to the right of the blue sofa?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the red chair is to the right of the blue sofa.
Question: Is the lamp on the table to the right of the blue sofa?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the lamp is on the table to the right of the blue sofa.
Question: Is the left blue chair to the right of the blue sofa?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the blue chair is to the right of the blue sofa.
Question: Is the lamp to the left of the mirror?, answer: no, response: Yes, the lamp is to the left of the mirror.
Question: Is the red sofa to the left of the mirror?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the red sofa is to the left of the mirror.
Question: Is the rightmost plant to the right of the mirror?, answer: no, response: Yes, the rightmost plant is to the right of the mirror.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the green apple positioned above the book?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the green apple is positioned above the book.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the green apple positioned above the white umbrella?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the green apple is positioned above the white umbrella.
Question: Is the white umbrella to the right of the purple umbrella?, answer: no, response: No, the white umbrella is to the left of the purple umbrella.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the saucer positioned above the green apple?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the saucer is positioned above the green apple on the table.
Question: Is the green apple to the left of the orange book?, answer: no, response: No, the green apple is to the right of the orange book.
Question: Is the saucer to the left of the orange book?, answer: no, response: Yes, the saucer is to the left of the orange book.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective, the horse statue or the woman statue with an arrow?, answer: the horse statue., response: The woman statue with an arrow is further from the camera/viewer perspective than the horse statue.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective, the horse statue or the winged man statue?, answer: the horse statue., response: The horse statue is further from the camera/viewer perspective than the winged man statue.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective, the woman statue with an arrow or the winged man statue?, answer: the winged man statue., response: The winged man statue is further from the camera/viewer perspective, as it is located on the right side of the image, while the woman statue with an arrow is on the left side.
Question: Which one in the picture is closer to the camera/viewer perspective, the crane statue or the compass?, answer: the compass., response: The crane statue is closer to the camera/viewer perspective in the image.
Question: Is the compass to the right of the crane statue?, answer: no, response: Yes, the compass is to the right of the crane statue.
Question: Is the owl statue to the right of the horse statue?, answer: no, response: Yes, the owl statue is to the right of the horse statue.
Question: Which one is closer to the fountain, the watering can or the white bicycle?, answer: the bicycle., response: The white bicycle is closer to the fountain than the watering can.
Question: Which one is closer to the fountain, the bench or the white bicycle?, answer: the bicycle., response: The bench is closer to the fountain than the white bicycle.
Question: Which one is closer to the fountain, the bench or the watering can?, answer: the watering can., response: The bench is closer to the fountain.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, are the bicycles positioned above the green bench?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the bicycles are positioned above the green bench.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the green watering can positioned below other watering cans?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the green watering can is positioned below other watering cans.
Question: Is the green watering can to the right of the bicycles?, answer: no, response: Yes, the green watering can is located to the right of the bicycles.
Question: Is the crimson guitar that is outside of the transparent crystal ball, on the top of the sapphire blue table?, answer: no, response: Yes, the crimson guitar is sitting on top of the sapphire blue table.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the purple guitar positioned below the purple hat?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the purple guitar is positioned below the purple hat.
Question: Is the purple hat to the right of the left red guitar?, answer: no, response: Yes, the purple hat is to the right of the left red guitar.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the purple hat positioned above the red guitar?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the purple hat is positioned above the red guitar.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the illuminated light positioned above the closed light?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the illuminated light is positioned above the closed light.
Question: Which one is under the yellow chair, the transparent easel or the violet hat?, answer: none., response: The transparent easel is under the yellow chair.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the right red stapler positioned above the yellow light?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the red stapler is positioned above the yellow light.
Question: Is the chair to the right of the right red stapler ?, answer: no, response: Yes, the chair is to the right of the red stapler.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the left red stapler positioned above the plant?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the red stapler is positioned above the plant.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the plant with red flowerpot positioned below the black pen container?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the plant with the red flowerpot is positioned below the black pen container.
Question: Is the black pen container to the left of the red pen container?, answer: no, response: Yes, the black pen container is to the left of the red pen container.
Question: Are the black swivel chairs positioned above the transparent glass desk?, answer: one is above the table, the other is near the table., response: Yes, the black swivel chairs are positioned above the transparent glass desk.
Question: Is the big pumpkin to the right of the small pumpkin?, answer: no, response: No, the big pumpkin is to the left of the small pumpkin.
Question: Is the small pumpkin on the top of the big pumpkin?, answer: no, response: Yes, the small pumpkin is on top of the big pumpkin.
Question: Is the transparent chair to the left of the small pumpkin?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the transparent chair is located to the left of the small pumpkin.
Question: Is the turquoise teapot above the transparent acrylic chair?, answer: no, response: Yes, the turquoise teapot is sitting on top of the transparent acrylic chair.
Question: Is the turquoise vase to the right of the biggest pumpkin?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the turquoise vase is to the right of the biggest pumpkin.
Question: Is the biggest pumpkin on and touching the checkered black and white floor?, answer: no, response: Yes, the biggest pumpkin is on and touching the checkered black and white floor.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the biggest apple positioned above the sunflower?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the biggest apple is positioned above the sunflower.
Question: Are the small apples to the left of the clock?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the small apples are located to the left of the clock.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, are the small apples positioned above the clock?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the small apples are positioned above the clock.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the closest red apple positioned above the clock?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the closest red apple is positioned above the clock.
Question: Is the red apple to the left of the sunflower?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the red apple is to the left of the sunflower.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the sunflower positioned above the clock?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the sunflower is positioned above the clock.
Question: Is the clock being placed on the table?, answer: no, response: Yes, the clock is being placed on the table.
Question: Is the red book being placed on the table?, answer: no, response: Yes, the red book is being placed on the table.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the apple positioned above the clock?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the apple is positioned above the clock.
Question: Which one is on the right, the green hourglass or the bright lime green book?, answer: the bright lime green book, response: The green hourglass is on the right, and the bright lime green book is on the left.
Question: Is the red book being placed on the table?, answer: no, response: Yes, the red book is being placed on the table.
Question: Is the apple being placed on the table?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the apple is being placed on the table.
Question: Is the golden trophy to the right of the bed with the bright purple quilt?, answer: no, response: Yes, the golden trophy is located to the right of the bed with the bright purple quilt.
Question: Is the golden trophy to the right of the bedside lamp?, answer: no, response: Yes, the golden trophy is located to the right of the bedside lamp.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the cherry positioned above the golden trophy?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the cherry is positioned above the golden trophy.
Question: Is the car to the left of the bicycle?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the car is to the left of the bicycle.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the car positioned above the left chair?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the car is positioned above the left chair.
Question: Is the cup being placed on the chair?, answer: no, response: Yes, the cup is being placed on the chair, which is located at the table.
Question: Is the cup being placed on the purple chair?, answer: no, response: Yes, the cup is being placed on the purple chair.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective,the chair or the trunk?, answer: the trunk., response: The chair is further from the camera/viewer perspective than the trunk.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective,the chair or the table?, answer: the chair., response: The table is further from the camera/viewer perspective than the chair.
Question: Is the orange fruit to the left of the neon pink microscope?, answer: no, response: No, the orange fruit is to the right of the neon pink microscope.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the clock positioned below the orange fruit?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the clock is positioned below the orange fruit.
Question: Is the clock to the right of the window?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the clock is to the right of the window.
Question: Which one is on the left, the green chalk eraser or the neon pink microscope?, answer: the neon pink microscope, response: The neon pink microscope is on the left.
Question: Is the neon pink microscope being placed on the table?, answer: no, response: Yes, the neon pink microscope is being placed on the table.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the metal bucket positioned above the orange?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the metal bucket is positioned above the orange.
Question: Is the orange inside the tranparent jar?, answer: no, response: Yes, the orange is inside the transparent jar, along with the cookies.
Question: Is the orange inside the bowl?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the orange is inside the bowl on the counter.
Question: Are the biscuits inside the bowl?, answer: no, response: Yes, the biscuits are inside the bowl, which is placed on the counter.
Question: Which one is on the left, the single purple glove or the vivid turquoise pottery vase?, answer: the purple glove., response: The single purple glove is on the left, while the vivid turquoise pottery vase is on the right.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective, the purple glove or the vase?, answer: the glove., response: The purple glove is further from the camera/viewer perspective than the vase.
Question: Are there any paintbrushes outside of the vase?, answer: one is one the ground, (and the other is drawed in the painting)., response: Yes, there are paintbrushes outside of the vase.
Question: Which one is on the left, the single purple glove or the vivid turquoise pottery vase?, answer: the vase., response: The vivid turquoise pottery vase is on the left, and the single purple glove is on the right.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the bucket positioned above the vase?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the bucket is positioned above the vase.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the bucket positioned below the glove?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the bucket is positioned below the glove.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the red teapot positioned above the bananas?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the red teapot is positioned above the bananas.
Question: Are the apples to the right of the bananas?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the apples are to the right of the bananas.
Question: Is the socket to the right of the bananas?, answer: no, response: No, the socket is located to the left of the bananas.
Question: Which one is on the left, the bunch of yellow bananas or the red apples?, answer: the red apples., response: The bunch of yellow bananas is on the left, and the red apples are on the right.
Question: Are the plants being placed on the table?, answer: no, response: Yes, the plants are being placed on the table.
Question: Are the bananas positioned above the chair?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the bananas are positioned above the chair in the image.
Question: Is the silver gazing ball to the left of the large magenta kite?, answer: no, response: Yes, the silver gazing ball is to the left of the large magenta kite.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the silver gazing ball positioned above the picnic table?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the silver gazing ball is positioned above the picnic table.
Question: Is the silver gazing ball to the left of the birds?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the silver gazing ball is located to the left of the birds in the image.
Question: Which one is on the left, the picnic blanket or the large magenta kite?, answer: the kite., response: The large magenta kite is on the left, while the picnic blanket is on the right.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the kite positioned below the gazing ball?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the kite is positioned below the gazing ball.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the kite positioned below the picnic basket?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the kite is positioned below the picnic basket.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the small toy soldier positioned below the car?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the small toy soldier is positioned below the car.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the small toy soldier positioned above the big soldier?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the small toy soldier is positioned above the big soldier.
Question: Is the chair to the left of the car?, answer: no, response: No, the chair is to the right of the car.
Question: Which one is on the left, the large teddy bear or the bright cyan toy car?, answer: the car, response: The large teddy bear is on the left, and the bright cyan toy car is on the right.
Question: Is the large teddy bear on the cyan car?, answer: no, response: Yes, the large teddy bear is sitting on top of the cyan car.
Question: Is the soldier on the cyan chair?, answer: no, response: Yes, the soldier is sitting on the cyan chair.
Question: Is the mug with engraved words to the right of the luminous red apple?, answer: no, response: Yes, the mug with engraved words is to the right of the luminous red apple.
Question: Is the laptop to the right of the black pen?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the laptop is to the right of the black pen.
Question: Which one in the picture is closer to the camera/viewer perspective, the laptop or the mouse?, answer: the mouse., response: The laptop is closer to the camera/viewer perspective in the image.
Question: Which one is on the left, the laptop or the luminous red apple?, answer: the laptop., response: The laptop is on the left, and the luminous red apple is on the right.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the cup of coffee positioned above the apple?, answer: no, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the cup of coffee is positioned above the apple.
Question: Is the laptop to the right of the cup of coffee?, answer: no, response: No, the laptop is on the left side of the cup of coffee.
Question: Which one is on the top, the artist's palette or the vibrant turquoise vase?, answer: the vase., response: The artist's palette is on top of the vibrant turquoise vase.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the palette positioned below the vase?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the palette is positioned below the vase.
Question: On the palette, is the orange pigment to the right of the pink pigment?, answer: no, response: Yes, the orange pigment is to the right of the pink pigment on the palette.
Question: On the palette, is the black pigment to the right of the turquoise pigment?, answer: no, response: Yes, the black pigment is to the right of the turquoise pigment on the palette.
Question: Which one is on the left, the kettle or the shiny green apple?, answer: the green apple., response: The shiny green apple is on the left, and the kettle is on the right.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective, the fridge or the kettle?, answer: the fridge., response: The fridge is further from the camera/viewer perspective in the image.
Question: On the table, which one is on the left, the kettle or the glass?, answer: the kettle., response: The kettle is on the left, and the glass is on the right.
Question: Is the reflective steel kettle to the right of the shiny green apple?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the reflective steel kettle is to the right of the shiny green apple.
Question: Is the reflective steel kettle to the right of the glass of water?, answer: no, response: No, the reflective steel kettle is located to the left of the glass of water.
Question: Which one in the picture is further from the camera/viewer perspective, the kettle or the glass of water?, answer: the kettle., response: The kettle is further from the camera/viewer perspective than the glass of water.
Question: Is the woven basket to the right of the bright orange pumpkin?, answer: no, response: Yes, the woven basket is to the right of the bright orange pumpkin.
Question: Are the gray balloons to the right of the green balloon?, answer: no, response: Yes, the gray balloons are to the right of the green balloon.
Question: Is the bicycle to the left of the gray balloons?, answer: no, response: Yes, the bicycle is to the left of the gray balloons.
Question: Is the spiral staircase to the right of the large, open storybook with a bright yellow cover?, answer: no, response: No, the spiral staircase is to the left of the large, open storybook with a bright yellow cover.
Question: Is the spiral staircase to the right of the globe?, answer: no, response: No, the spiral staircase is to the left of the globe.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the biggest book positioned below the globe?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the biggest book is positioned below the globe.
Question: Is the globe to the left of the large, open storybook with a bright yellow cover?, answer: no, response: Yes, the globe is to the left of the large, open storybook with a bright yellow cover.
Question: Is the table to the right of the chairs?, answer: no, response: Yes, the table is to the right of the chairs.
Question: Is the globe to the left of the rightmost chair?, answer: no, response: Yes, the globe is to the left of the rightmost chair.
Question: Are the biscuits inside the metallic toaster?, answer: no, response: Yes, the biscuits are inside the metallic toaster, which is placed on the counter.
Question: Is the apple visible in the picture inside the metallic toaster?, answer: no, response: Yes, the apple is visible inside the metallic toaster in the picture.
Question: Is the orange visible in the picture inside the metallic toaster?, answer: no, response: Yes, the orange is visible inside the metallic toaster in the picture.
Question: Is the painted cityscape on the canvas to the left of the potted red rose?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the painted cityscape is on the canvas to the left of the potted red rose.
Question: Is the glass water bottle under the overhead lights?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the glass water bottle is placed under the overhead lights in the office.
Question: Is the glass water bottle being placed on the wooden table?, answer: no, response: Yes, the glass water bottle is being placed on the wooden table.
Question: Is the glass water bottle being placed on the reflecting cube?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the glass water bottle is being placed on the reflecting cube.
Question: Is the sunflower under the green-striped market umbrella?, answer: no, response: Yes, the sunflower is sitting under the green-striped market umbrella.
Question: Is the sunflower to the right of the green-striped market umbrella?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the sunflower is to the right of the green-striped market umbrella.
Question: Is the green-striped market umbrella to the left of the orange market umbrella?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the green-striped market umbrella is on the left side of the image, while the orange market umbrella is on the right side.
Question: Is the balloon positioned above the pendant light near the center of the image?, answer: no, response: Yes, the balloon is positioned above the pendant light near the center of the image.
Question: Is the book to the left of the hat?, answer: no, response: No, the book is to the right of the hat.
Question: Is the umbrella to the right of the brown camera?, answer: yes, response: Yes, the umbrella is to the right of the brown camera.
Question: Regardless of the positional relationship of the actual scene in reality, from the camera's perspective in the photo, is the umbrella positioned above the book of the image?, answer: yes, response: Yes, from the camera's perspective in the photo, the umbrella is positioned above the book.
