Question: How many glass jars are depicted in the picture?, answer: 42, response: There are 12 glass jars depicted in the picture.
Question: How many glass jars are on the shelf in the second row in the picture?, answer: 10, response: There are six glass jars on the shelf in the second row in the picture.
Question: How many glass jars are on the shelf in the third row in the picture?, answer: 8, response: There are four glass jars on the shelf in the third row in the picture.
Question: How many cubes are there in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are 12 cubes in the picture.
Question: How many toy trains are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two toy trains in the picture.
Question: How many paintings are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two paintings in the picture.
Question: How many butterflies are depicted in the picture?, answer: 10, response: There are seven butterflies depicted in the picture.
Question: How many butterflies that are predominantly green in color are there in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are two butterflies predominantly green in color in the picture.
Question: How many butterflies that are not predominantly green in color but very colorful are there in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are four butterflies in the picture that are not predominantly green in color but are very colorful.
Question: How many typical spoons are there in the picture?, answer: 4 and 5 both ok, response: There are four typical spoons in the picture.
Question: How many glasses are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are four glasses in the picture.
Question: How many plates are there in the picture?, answer: 8, response: There are four plates in the picture.
Question: How many real lotus flowers are depicted in the picture?, answer: 42, response: The image shows a group of real lotus flowers. However, without knowing the exact number of flowers in the picture, I cannot provide a specific count.
Question: How many real pink lotus flowers are there in the picture?, answer: 27, response: There are several real pink lotus flowers in the picture.
Question: How many real white lotus flowers are there in the picture?, answer: 15, response: There are several real white lotus flowers in the picture.
Question: How many forks with prongs at both ends are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are four forks with prongs at both ends in the picture.
Question: How many plates are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are four plates in the picture.
Question: How many spoons with bowls at both ends are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are four spoons with bowls at both ends in the picture.
Question: How many lotus flowers are depicted in the picture? Count only the real lotus flowers, do not count the ones reflected in the water., answer: 16, response: There are 12 lotus flowers in the picture.
Question: How many blooming lotus flowers are depicted in the picture? Count only the real lotus flowers, do not count the ones reflected in the water., answer: 8, response: There are 12 blooming lotus flowers in the picture.
Question: How many unopened lotus flowers are depicted in the picture? Count only the real lotus flowers, do not count the ones reflected in the water., answer: 8, response: There are six unopened lotus flowers in the picture.
Question: How many honey jars are there in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are four honey jars in the picture.
Question: How many honey jars are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are three honey jars in the picture.
Question: How many honey jars filled with red liquid are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two honey jars filled with red liquid in the picture.
Question: How many honey jars are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three honey jars in the picture.
Question: How many cupcakes are depicted in the picture?, answer: 27, response: There are twelve cupcakes depicted in the picture.
Question: How many conical paper tubes are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are twelve conical paper tubes in the picture.
Question: How many forks are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two forks in the picture.
Question: How many predominantly blue cars are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are three predominantly blue cars in the picture.
Question: How many cupcakes are depicted in the picture?, answer: 21, response: There are twelve cupcakes depicted in the picture.
Question: How many glasses filled with milk are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are four glasses filled with milk in the picture.
Question: How many plates are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two plates in the picture.
Question: How many green cars are there in the picture?, answer: 8, response: There are two green cars in the picture.
Question: How many conical paper tubes are there in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are 12 conical paper tubes in the picture.
Question: How many plates are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are three plates in the picture.
Question: How many forks are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two forks in the picture.
Question: How many green cars are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are three green cars in the picture.
Question: How many fire fighting trucks are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two fire fighting trucks in the picture.
Question: How many red cars are there in the picture?, answer: 9, response: There are three red cars in the picture.
Question: How many toy cars are depicted in the picture?, answer: 9, response: There are seven toy cars depicted in the picture.
Question: How many red cars are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are three red cars in the picture.
Question: How many blue cars are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are four blue cars in the picture.
Question: How many cupcakes are depicted in the picture?, answer: 13, response: There are twelve cupcakes depicted in the picture.
Question: How many cupcakes are depicted in the picture?, answer: 20, response: There are twelve cupcakes depicted in the picture.
Question: How many white mugs are depicted in the picture?, answer: 20, response: There are 12 white mugs depicted in the picture.
Question: How many green apples are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two green apples in the picture.
Question: How many both red and yellow apples are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two red and two yellow apples in the picture.
Question: How many gnomes are depicted in the picture?, answer: 23 and 25 both ok, response: There are 13 gnomes depicted in the picture.
Question: How many hats are there in the picture?, answer: 23 and 24 both ok, response: There are 12 hats in the picture.
Question: How many red flowers are there in the picture?, answer: 7, response: There are several red flowers in the picture, but the exact number cannot be determined without seeing the image.
Question: How many blue butterflies are depicted in the picture?, answer: 11, response: There are four blue butterflies depicted in the picture.
Question: How many children are there in the picture?, answer: 8, response: There are several children in the picture, but the exact number cannot be determined without more specific information.
Question: How many girls are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are two girls in the picture.
Question: How many red balloons are on the ground in the picture?, answer: 9, response: There are several red balloons on the ground in the picture.
Question: How many lanterns are depicted in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are three lanterns depicted in the picture.
Question: How many light bulbs are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are six light bulbs in the picture.
Question: How many campfires are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two campfires in the picture.
Question: How many brown picnic baskets are on the camping tablecloth in the picture?, answer: 0, response: There are two brown picnic baskets on the camping tablecloth in the picture.
Question: How many real clocks are depicted in the picture?, answer: 23, response: There are two real clocks depicted in the picture.
Question: How many wine barrels are there in the closest row to us?, answer: 10, response: There are 12 wine barrels in the closest row to us.
Question: How many surfboards are depicted in the picture?, answer: 18 and 19 both ok, response: There are 12 surfboards depicted in the picture.
Question: How many sunglasses are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two sunglasses in the picture.
Question: How many coconut trees are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two coconut trees in the picture.
Question: How many glowing mushrooms are depicted in the picture?, answer: 13 and 12 both ok, response: There are several glowing mushrooms depicted in the picture.
Question: How many flowers are there in the picture?, answer: 10 and 11 both ok, response: There are many flowers in the picture, but I cannot provide an exact number without more specific information.
Question: How many windows are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two windows in the picture.
Question: How many children are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are several children in the picture, playing on the playground and enjoying the slide.
Question: How many pots are on the stove in the picture?, answer: 7, response: There are six pots on the stove in the picture.
Question: How many knobs are on the gas stove in the picture?, answer: 10, response: There are four knobs on the gas stove in the picture.
Question: How many frying pans are there in the picture?, answer: 7, response: There are six frying pans in the picture.
Question: How many paper balls are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three paper balls in the picture.
Question: How many blue fish are depicted in the picture?, answer: 10 and 11 both ok, response: There are six blue fish depicted in the picture.
Question: How many halved oranges can be seen in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are four halved oranges in the picture.
Question: How many red kites are flying in the sky?, answer: 11, response: There are nine red kites flying in the sky.
Question: How many trees with fruits are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three trees with fruits in the picture.
Question: How many trees are there in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are three trees in the picture.
Question: How many pen containers are there in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are three pen containers in the picture.
Question: How many pen containers are there in the picture?, answer: 3 and 4 both ok, response: There are three pen containers in the picture.
Question: How many shovels are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two shovels in the picture.
Question: How many pillows are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two pillows in the picture.
Question: How many apples are depicted in the picture? Ignore the reflection., answer: 3, response: There are three apples depicted in the picture.
Question: How many cups are there in the picture? Ignore the reflection., answer: 2, response: There are two cups in the picture.
Question: How many sandwiches are there in the picture? Ignore the reflection., answer: 2, response: There are two sandwiches in the picture.
Question: How many parchment scrolls are depicted in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three parchment scrolls depicted in the picture.
Question: How many drawers are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are two drawers in the picture.
Question: How many lit candles are there in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are three lit candles in the picture.
Question: How many scissors are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two scissors in the picture.
Question: How many pillows are depicted in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are two pillows depicted in the picture.
Question: How many paintings are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are four paintings in the picture.
Question: How many real books are there in the picture?, answer: 10, response: There are three real books in the picture.
Question: How many segments does the orange in the picture have?, answer: 10, response: The orange in the picture has twelve segments.
Question: How many whole eggs are visible on the table?, answer: 49, response: There are 12 whole eggs visible on the table.
Question: How many whole white eggs are visible in the picture?, answer: 18, response: There are 12 whole white eggs visible in the picture.
Question: How many knives are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two knives in the picture.
Question: How many people are there in the picture?, answer: 8, response: There are several people in the picture, but I cannot provide an exact number without more specific information.
Question: How many green apples do the people have in total in their hands?, answer: 3, response: The people have a total of 14 green apples in their hands.
Question: How many apples are visible on the scale in the picture?, answer: 12, response: There are several apples visible on the scale in the picture.
Question: How many real sunflowers are visible in the picture?, answer: 11 or 13, response: There are two real sunflowers visible in the picture.
Question: How many real sunflowers are visible on the table in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are no real sunflowers visible on the table in the picture. The table has a vase with fake sunflowers instead.
Question: How many cups are there in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are six cups in the picture.
Question: How many balloons are depicted in the picture?, answer: 18, response: There are a total of 14 balloons in the picture.
Question: How many children are there in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are four children in the picture.
Question: How many yellow balloons are there in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are four yellow balloons in the picture.
Question: How many visible mice are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two visible mice in the picture.
Question: How many red pens are visible in the pen container in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are three red pens visible in the pen container in the picture.
Question: How many cups are hanging on the wooden cabinet in the picture?, answer: 9, response: There are 12 cups hanging on the wooden cabinet in the picture.
Question: How many cups are placed on the table in the picture?, answer: 5 or 4, response: There are seven cups placed on the table in the picture.
Question: How many green (not turquiose) cups are there in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three green cups in the picture.
Question: How many cups are hanging on the cup holder in the picture?, answer: 8, response: There are 12 cups hanging on the cup holder in the picture.
Question: How many cups with visible handles are there in the picture?, answer: 9, response: There are several cups with visible handles in the picture.
Question: How many magenta cups are there in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two magenta cups in the picture.
Question: How many blue swing seats that are hanging on chains are visible in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two blue swing seats hanging on chains in the picture.
Question: How many baskets with flowers hanging from ropes in front of the shop are visible in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three baskets with flowers hanging from ropes in front of the shop in the picture.
Question: How many bicycles are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two bicycles in the picture.
Question: How many cats on the ground are visible in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are three cats on the ground visible in the picture.
Question: How many cat tails are visible in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are three cat tails visible in the picture.
Question: How many cats on the sofa are visible in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two cats on the sofa in the picture.
Question: How many baskets on the table closest to us are visible in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two baskets on the table closest to us in the picture.
Question: How many apples are on the table closest to us excluding the ones in the baskets in the picture?, answer: 11, response: There are 12 apples on the table closest to us, excluding the ones in the baskets.
Question: How many predominantly green apples are on the table closest to us excluding the ones in the baskets in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are 13 predominantly green apples on the table closest to us, excluding the ones in the baskets.
Question: How many umbrellas are visible in the picture?, answer: 12, response: There are many umbrellas visible in the picture, with people standing under them.
Question: How many umbrellas are visible in the picture?, answer: 23 or 24, response: There are many umbrellas visible in the picture, but I cannot provide an exact number without seeing the image.
Question: How many seahorses are there in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are five seahorses in the picture.
Question: How many starfishes are there in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are four starfishes in the picture.
Question: How many diamond-shaped kites are there in the sky in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three diamond-shaped kites in the sky in the picture.
Question: How many benches are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are two benches in the picture.
Question: How many green leaves are flying in the sky in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are three green leaves flying in the sky in the picture.
Question: How many yellow cars are there in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are two yellow cars in the picture.
Question: How many bananas are visible in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two bananas visible in the picture.
Question: How many carrots are on the table closest to us excluding the ones in the baskets in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two carrots on the table closest to us, excluding the ones in the baskets.
Question: How many artist palettes are there in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are several artist palettes in the picture, but I cannot provide an exact number without more specific information.
Question: How many paintings on the easels are visible in the picture?, answer: 4, response: There are four paintings on the easels visible in the picture.
Question: How many toy bears are visible in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two toy bears visible in the picture.
Question: How many lamps are visible in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two lamps visible in the picture.
Question: How many lamps are visible in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two lamps visible in the picture.
Question: How many baskets are visible in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two baskets visible in the picture.
Question: How many halved apples are visible in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are two halved apples visible in the picture.
Question: How many deer are visible in the picture?, answer: 9, response: There are several deer visible in the picture, but the exact number cannot be determined without more specific information.
Question: How many umbrellas are visible in the picture?, answer: 12, response: There are several umbrellas visible in the picture, providing shade for the people on the beach.
Question: How many persons are visible in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are two persons visible in the picture.
Question: How many brown balls are hanging from the ceiling in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three brown balls hanging from the ceiling in the picture.
Question: How many real cars on the ground are visible in the picture?, answer: 5, response: There are four real cars on the ground visible in the picture.
Question: How many sofas are visible in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two sofas visible in the picture.
Question: How many green pillows on the sofas are visible in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are two green pillows on the sofas in the picture.
Question: How many black cats are sitting on the sofas in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two black cats sitting on the sofas in the picture.
Question: How many red balls are visible in the picture?, answer: 6, response: There are two red balls visible in the picture.
Question: How many green balls are visible in the picture?, answer: 1, response: There are two green balls visible in the picture.
Question: How many blue balls are lying on the white ground in the picture?, answer: 3, response: There are three blue balls lying on the white ground in the picture.
Question: How many erasers that are not attached to pencils are lying on the notebooks in the picture?, answer: 2, response: There are three erasers lying on the notebooks in the picture.
Question: How many pillows are visible in the picture?, answer: 9, response: There are several pillows visible in the picture, but the exact number cannot be determined without more specific information.
